everybody welcome Eckener on the land
please binding mascara plus basically
yesterday's run is so bad
it really was pretty terrible I'll just
go through the seat here first VJ 0 CA h
ax sorry a h XX with money equals power
sprinkler good damage great rate of fire
adequate speed this seems like an
acceptable start to things here as long
as we don't take damage against this guy
I feel pretty good about our chances but
yeah self-inflicted or not yesterday's
run was a little scary and as a result
we found ourselves in a position where
we conceivably could have died instead
we came away with a victory that it
leaves you thinking like why were you
ever scared you know you got guppy and
you were generating like an HP upgrade
every three rooms and it became kind of
like like a joke by the end of it but
why did we get 0.15 damage for picking
up a penny
normally you receive point zero for
damage per penny and this is like I
recognize that I might be strike has
been congruent with my personality I
said not to be that detail-oriented but
at the same time I'm like we got like it
to me it seemed like we got quadruple
damage out of picking up a single penny
I'm trying to take like maybe we've
smelted a trinket or something by the
way a sprinkler is a really really cool
space bar item that I have not given
it's it's adequate praise I think the
better our damage gets the better
sprinkler is going to get and it also
picks up all of our tear effects
including like peer shape to your size
obviously things like status effects as
well but you know if we get brimstone a
homing tears all of a sudden we got like
a brimstone and I believe homing
sprinkler as well that could be really
really strong for us so I'm extremely
proce Brinkley wag get as a pop which is
occasional
I'm just going to head down I want to
keep as much money as possible because I
want to first off money goes power is
important to me in this situation
secondly if we can get an arcade we can
get even more money and possibly more HP
and use that to make our dreams work
here now we don't have any other items
so I don't know what happened there I
was like I was just confused we have a
library where we don't really get any
benefit out of using Book of Shadows
because we have no map so we can't
really see where anything is I don't
believe that it unveils like the actual
entrance it's just on the map it shows
us where we should go but I digress
relatively irrelevant what we're looking
for here is just exactly what we just
found so with this and a little bit of
tolerance in terms of the amount of
spirit arts and demon arts you got here
I think we're sitting pretty like this
run is going to potentially pop off like
if we get 20 cents that's almost like
picking up dark matter more or less so I
don't know I think the stat screen I'm
not going to say it's bugs but I don't
think it's working as I don't think it's
updating continuously with each pick up
that we get yeah okay so it changes
based on each penny that we get some of
them are point zero six the nickel was
like 0.14 maybe here's what I'm thinking
happened maybe there were four pennies
on top of the first penny we picked up
I'm probably overthinking it money
equals power by the way is actually a
really good with IV bag however we're
going to stick with sprinkler the
sprinkler is a newer item and IV bag
probably is my default choice on like 10
percent of my runs so I don't
necessarily feel like we need to take it
in every single situation you know in a
lot of situations we're going to do so
especially as Samson it's like a 10 out
of 10 item but not in every situation
here we've managed to get very very
strong quite early on this run so I'm
thinking that we got the tools
we'll see I don't know 202 a clubs not
that fantastic right now I'm actually
hoping and I think I have a good excuse
to get like a super overpowered run
ideally not mom's knife but this is like
I'm it's like it's my super sweet 16 and
I'm like I don't want an Audi Dada I
wanted a Lexus outies are so last year
I wanted a Caterham 7 classic that's
right I played Project Gotham Racing
familiar with the Nurburgring we took
way more damage than we should have but
the speed upgrade is nice and handles ok
so be smart here actually we could die
I just wanted to essentially ruin his
chance to push me into the fires that
could kill me
Krampus is head we cannot take at least
I feel like we cannot take I'm just
looking for obviously the item room in
the shop at this point but yeah it's a
little dicey ER than it had to be and
I'll take responsibility for that
although we did fight a fairly difficult
boss but you know I also accept that we
haven't faced consequences for this yet
but I might just be off today like my
first my first run of the day was the
run that we just did and it was fairly
bad in terms of my personal performance
for a lot of that run it was like a 5
out of 10 run with like a 5 out of 10
performance stacked up next to it
like I think I actually should skip
Bob's brain I know it's anti Zayn to do
so but I'm scared dude I took Bob's
brain in our last run and I loved it
because I understand it it's a valuable
item as long as you don't put yourself
in a position where he can screw you but
I think I might have put myself in a
position where you can screw me we'll
see
check the shop first no spirit heart but
that's not that bad we'll take buddy in
a box which I always get confused with
moving box I will take ownership by the
way for getting confused about a lot of
items in the game like moldy bread and
halitosis you've seen the side-by-side
shots those don't look that similar
that's my brain being like a little
weird in that department but buddy in a
box and moving box are the same freaking
icon side-by-side you're like okay there
are differences but come on I get it you
know it's a box how many different ways
can you draw a cardboard box right but
we have the cardboard box buddy in a box
and the moving box we need to institute
like slightly different visuals for
those if we're going to get mad at
people for for getting them confused
from time to time it's just a
complicated situation in terms of that
so we did spend like other damage
upgrades worth of damage do you think
can it be up here it could be up here
the second secret room that is I doubt
it's down here yeah let's just leave but
I digress you know cuz I doubt anybody's
working on that to be honest with you
this is a lot a lot of items that very
similar visuals is all I'm sad get it
you know so it's like a sprite hoarder
sort of situation you're like oh we
don't throw out that sprite if we just
put another coat of paint on that it
could be worthwhile but and for the most
part it doesn't bother me except what
I'm trying to it there's actually
exactly one situation which is bother it
bothers me and that's when I trying to
buy buddy in a box because I would like
a familiar and instead I end up getting
moving box which is like a chore that
can sometimes pay dividends evil eye is
totally fine I mean it how you know what
we shouldn't I was going to say I'm
going to try and like buy the card see
what the card has for us but with them
money equals power we probably should be
a little bit more conservative about
things all admit I'll admit
I don't know this run seems like it's
it's going just fine although we found
ourselves in that same situation on the
last run as well I'll have you know by
the way look I'm not saying all heroes
don't wear capes but I could be watching
the NHL draft right now aka one of the
most boring sporting related programs in
Earth's history but dude you never know
we could be witnessing the selection of
the next Sidney Crosby or the next
Patrick white you know they're both
superstars in their own unique way okay
I'm gonna need you to stop trapping me
in the corner here ideally I'm joking of
course I mean I have watched the NHL
draft on on many occasions I always
every year is it by the way if for some
reason this is a foreign concept I don't
know if it's done in every other sport
but I know it's done in most Western
sports or most most sports in North
America let's say Western is a strange
term to use in that situation and I
don't fully understand it's like when
players reach a certain age everybody
born in that age group or within that
age group is a chance to be selected by
a professional team with the better
players or the players who are presumed
to be better going first
so you know we basically just watch for
like eight hours well like old men are
increasingly brought up to the
microphone with the fifth selection in
the 2017 NHL draft the Vancouver Canucks
select colemak are colemak are and then
there's like polite golf claps and then
this kid comes up and he goes like you
know I'm from the Finnish countryside
I've never heard of Vancouver do they
have saunas there nothing personal kid
they do not they do have saunas here and
I'm assuming at least I've never been to
one myself but assuming it happens he
can get a definitely Korean style saunas
without a doubt but anyway I'm I've
watched it many a time in my life and
pretty much always been like bored out
of my mind despite actually I wouldn't
say I'm a hockey superfan but I'm a
I'm an educated hockey fan I keep myself
abreast of the prospect pool situation
and you know development and to name a
couple of people in the vancouver
canucks administration beyond the head
coach and general manager I'm just
saying it's not the most exciting event
in sporting history but I'm here
selflessly doing my job
instead of taking time off to watch
something I don't like that much and you
know what I am saying all heroes don't
wear capes or not all heroes wear capes
in fact there's quite a lot of heroes
that don't wear capes a it's a strange
expression to begin with spider-man
doesn't wear a cape that's the most
obvious example I think of not all
heroes wear capes you ever seen
spider-man sure Doctor Strange wears a
cape Superman and Batman wear capes the
concept of a capes to begin with is like
is that like kind of a back fedora at
least in real life but in a superhero
context no problem I suppose dude I need
something more on this run ooh I kind of
like this especially against Bighorn are
you we got double active item effect
which apparently when you double the
sprinkler of one sprinkler times two
equals one sprinkler as news to me man
is news to me we have no deal with the
devil president so I mean we have no
bombs as well I would love to see a deal
with the angel but I would you know 8:00
to watch you leave
Enel are you just distracting us from
the fact that you can't think of a
second hero that doesn't wear a cape
look I didn't come here to be grilled I
came here to brag about not watching the
NHL draft and then to get my brownie
points for it twitch.tv slash
northernlion slash subscribe
soare wears a cape black widow does not
wear a cape there you go
Captain America sometimes wears a cape I
don't know I'm speaking specifically
from a Marvel Cinematic Universe
standpoint here
Captain America sometimes wears a cape
I believe I'm thinking back to the The
Avengers
Super Nintendo game as well I think
capes are just going out of style
because it's not like the 1700s anymore
you know of course I'm not I'm not
making fun of these people but it's
going to be hard for me to relay the
story without it seeming like I'm making
fun of these people there's a couple
that lives in and I genuinely am like
dude as long as what you're doing does
not harm me I do not care at all and I
could not be more literal with my
application of that as long as what
you're doing does not harm other people
but at the same time to some extent my
brand is making fun of things that are
socially a little strange despite doing
a few of them myself
although definitely not this one so I
reserve the right to make fun of this to
some extent I think with the notion that
it's also good natured there is a couple
in Washington state I believe it's
Washington State anyway that live their
lives as if it's the Victorian era which
first off why on a logical level that is
actually borderline idiotic and I'm not
trying to be offensive here but like
never heard of like the Spanish flu oh
dude that was my hermit card I think I'm
just going to bounce wiped out like you
know 8% of the world's population
nobody freakin washed their hands you
know that's just a microcosm sure okay
some things were better in the Victorian
era I'm sure but you know explain to me
what in 500 words or less but they went
to they went to Victoria British
Columbia which is super close to upstate
Washington New York or Washington I'm
State Washington New York you see I'm a
very learn at individual I went to the
University of
in New York maybe you heard of it now
it's very close to like the northern
part of Washington State and it's you
know a city of a certain size so there's
stuff to do there there's a place called
butchered Gardens which is like a
botanical garden that's probably
Victoria's number one tourist thing and
they were wearing like their Victorian
era clothes by the way the reason this
became a thing is because despite living
as if it's the Victorian era they also
run a blog about what it's like to live
as if you're in the Victorian era which
seems to me a very convenient compromise
it's like oh yeah I live as if it's the
1900s
in every aspect of my life except I do
also run a blog that has advertisements
on it
luckily they I assume that they don't
use the internet for anything else so
they shouldn't be able to understand
that this articles coming to pass now
this is where I find out they have
Twitter accounts with like triple my
followers or something but anyway so
it's kind of like a monetizable thing
for them which is fine you know I'm not
going to I'm not going to hate on your
internet household look at me here
playing Isaac instead of watching the
NHL draft but the point that I'm trying
to make here they went to butchered
Gardens dressed as if it's a 1900s oh so
theoretically worth it and butchered
Gardens was like you can't come in here
you dress like weirdos and then they
were like well that's very you know
offensive of you to suggest and they
were like acting as if it was
discrimination and you know why here's
the twist and the story to an extent I
sort of agree with them I understand the
business arrangement from butchered
Gardens there is a dress code to some
extent like you can't just show up
wearing no shirt and you can't just show
up you know you probably can't show up
an assured that says like you know
something super offensive or racist or
something on it I believe that they
would reserve their right to deny you
access to the establishment but in this
case do I think that these guys are a
couple of you know granola bars I don't
know what that's supposed to mean I
think that they're acting
strange absolutely I don't know it does
seem to be a little bit outrageous to
suggest I agree it would be a
distraction to patrons but you know if
you're going to but a Botanical Garden
you know look at this Sud it's an azalea
from the 19th Oh strata of the Holocene
epoch you know it doesn't matter it was
what I'm trying to suggest because it's
stupid plants but no no what I'm trying
to suggest is that who cares they're
dressed a little funny I really went
into this bit thinking I was going to
rail on these people but it just seems
like punching down to some extent for
for butchered Gardens to be like you're
not allowed in here
but that's maybe it's because that's
also my anxiety sometimes like Kate and
I Kate is stylish genuinely and it would
like when she dresses up she dresses up
I don't really dress up on my okay I
take off the hoodie put on a button-up
shirt still only got sneakers I'm not
going to get my dress shoes out of
storage unless it's for like a special
event it's not like I have this like you
know Steve Jobs I only wear one outfit
sort of thing going on for productivity
sake it's really just laziness and
comfort which I you know treat those
very important values in my life to be
honest more so comfort than laziness but
anyway so sometimes we'll be going
someplace fancy and I'll be wearing like
a button-up shirt and jeans and I'm like
I really it would be embarrassing if
they were like you can't come in here
wearing that like you got to put on a
suit jacket but I don't know that sort
of thing happens that much anymore I've
never been denied access to an
establishment for my dress I guess is
what I'm trying to say for the way I was
dressed
I think let's go with counterfeit penny
that probably allows us to buy more
stuff and let's use our bombs to
actually stack up our damage here by
blowing our donation machine up which I
feel like no guilts about trying to make
our donation machine pop at this point
cuz we got it back to 999 so I don't
know I guess I'm interested to see how
other people feel about the the
situation as well because although I
think that they're very strange
adherence to a Victorian era of life is
a little silly I think for three cents I
will basically for three cents we're
going to get a value of five cents or
more so yeah I feel okay about that I
think that it's it's strange it's very
strange to me
I see no I don't know why you'd want to
you know wash your clothes in a freaking
wooden barrel with a wash a washboard
instead of using a washing machine I
mean it seems very strange to me to deny
that level of human convenience but at
the same time I think that is your right
and admittedly when you start pushing
that as a message outwardly with your
with your dress I suppose you are open
to judgment to some extent but I'm just
saying if I was manning the ticket booth
or if I was the management it all that
sucked
in charge of butchered guards that day I
probably would have said let them in it
just seems like a petty thing to be to
be up in arms about I do want to ask
them some questions though about the
whole we live as if it's the Victorian
era but we also have a blog because I
got there's there's something to tease
out there I also want to know more about
why the Victorian era but let's be
honest I'm probably not the right kind
of guy to treat this with respect given
given my track record on the NL SS it's
the same thing like there are people who
dress off
pretty bad there's people who dress up
in like steampunk clothes all the time
and like I don't get it
I'm not actively against it but like
whatever you run think that's Excel if
we've been to both item rooms I actually
have no recollection whatsoever we've
definitely been to the shop but I think
I'm just going to go because I have no
idea the other let's get out of here
this is weird
um but like if you wore a top hat and
some you know a weird set of monocles or
something like that out to the Botanical
Gardens whose business is mine is it of
mine or it sorry what business is it of
mine is what I mean to suggest it's it
just seems like a little bit of pearl
clutching to me now if you're wearing a
shirt that says like I don't know I
don't even want to suggest the kind of
vile thing that I was going to suggest
but something hateful yeah I understand
that
this is not thank theps Excel it's just
ink that's one your brain is broken
right now at least we've got um at least
we've got devil precedent so we can
stand to get a little over the top soon
hopefully anyway I digress I think I've
come across sort of more milquetoast
than I expected in this in this example
I'm kind of on their side in that
example in that specific example alone
because for the most part I'm like
that's mad weird but don't let me stop
you I hope also those this is not one of
those things where I kind of come in
support of them and then later you're
like hey here's an awful thing that they
said or did and then you're like oh
right that happens but in this specific
situation even if they do have some
antiquated in archaic beliefs I still
think unless they were outwardly
offending patrons with their appearance
on a reasonable level they should have
been allowed to go to the establishment
but also it is kind of funny that's it's
a funny injustice which is maybe not the
the most you know sympathetic way to
phrase something but you get the idea
you're like yeah I mean they were in the
wrong but also sort of would you
Specht what I'm getting at is that if
you sympathize with me for any point
during this conversation what I've now
done is just eroded that sympathy I'm
gonna say symfony it is an arrow did
Symphony is life that's basically the
gist of it that's that's the bit that I
had built at run-time here ooh I do like
golden bombs older than the Bible
certainly Golder than the Bible as well
at least most of the ones that I've seen
I don't have much biblical experience
that will not surprise you at all
my biblical my most recent biblical
experiences at least are I keep parents
are like a little religious they go to
they go to church and then they go to a
Korean Christian Church but I don't know
they go like every Sunday but there's a
important holiday in the Korean calendar
well we know that's moving box called
Chuseok which is basically like it's not
you suck that's that's offensive which
is why I fell on the grenade of saying
it
no but it's called Chuseok which is like
American Thanksgiving sort of but it's
also a time to honor you you eat a lot
of good food but you also honor your
ancestors that have passed away so it's
like probably the biggest holiday in the
Korean calendar next to maybe even ahead
of Seoul now which is like Lunar New
Year but I know we spent a lot of money
there we got a lot of value so I'm happy
the way that that went down and when I
go there you know it's it's a little bit
of a culture shock like they have
pictures of their parents who are
deceased up on like the dinner table and
you kind of like eat you you like pour
so do maybe I can't remember what it was
you poorly might have been tea and I
think about it you pour like food and
drink for the ancestors and I'm just
kind of sitting there like this is I
feel like I'm intruding on uh on
something that I shouldn't be here for
but they're very like inclusive about it
which is nice and very nice of them to
do of course but it's just it's so
foreign from like my the way that my
family does things that it really feels
like I'm there as like some kind of
undercover journalist or something and
then they sing hymns and they're in fact
they're accommodating to the point of it
being like awkward for me to some extent
which is not about me
is it's their day I'm just saying
because they'll sing the hymns in Korean
and then they'll sing them again in
English and I don't sing either time so
I'm like you really don't have to do
that just just singing in whatever
language you prefer and we'd be good to
go
but I do appreciate being so don't don't
take my my listing of it as kind of
strange my describing of it is kind of
strange to be a negative thing it's
extremley beyond thrilled that they've
welcomed to me into their family like
that at the same time it is it sometimes
a bizarre event so I'm going to go like
it I'm gonna go ham here basically I'm
very frightened about the way that this
looks
we took piercing shots and we took demon
baby because if we're going to take
piercing shots we basically get demon
baby for free so I would rather have it
now we have Bob's brain as well which is
very scary to me we're not going to die
in one hit but we can pretty easily die
in two hits also feels so valuable here
so what is this card I've been holding
on to strength strength is actually a
very important card as well you can use
that for survival but more likely for a
deal with the devil access later really
wish I had not come to this room but we
managed to make it out I think we're
going to be fine provided we get out of
this floor in a good spot
I think we're going to be okay this
feels like obviously the exit here might
be a good time to get rid of sprinkler
but honestly I'm still waiting for it to
pop out of control we haven't quite hit
that level yet I won like much faster
rate of fire and good tear effects and
cough cough burns down as well but we're
going to get Cuba meat instead we don't
have there's options despite buying like
a lot on the last floor so this floor
has been insanely good to us the problem
is that it can look as good as they want
but if we if we get hit we're going to
be in a tight spot although balls of
steel saved us a lot of that indignity
so I think maybe we're probably fine but
we're going to move onwards nonetheless
and and do so with caution because I'm a
little scared here you should also take
it from me like I'm uncomfortable at my
own family gatherings not like my close
family like me and my parents totally
fine no concerns but I'd like extended
family gatherings I'm uncomfortable and
I say this not to act like it's the
right way of doing things if anything I
think it's a personal flaw that I can't
I don't find it easy at least to like
open myself up to people who I'm related
to although really we don't hang out
socially much beyond the you know
Christmas Easter and Canadian
Thanksgiving but anyway like it opening
especially as I got like to my teenage
years opening Christmas presents not
really complaining but opening Christmas
presents from people that you see like
twice a year and you're like you didn't
have to fly me this this is just weird
you are you know you're like my dad's
brothers third child we never we have
like a ten-year age difference between
us and we never talk
we don't can we stop the charade of
buying each other gifts that we just
asked someone to give us a
recommendation for what you want is like
we don't it's not the Stone Age family
is very important I think you know if
you've got a great family that's awesome
I'm very happy with my family
like even my extended family they're not
bad people we just don't we're not
necessarily friends like I consider
myself basically appear to my parents at
this point which is like the most
robotic and awkward way to phrase that
but like we're adults and we can hang
out and have fun together and that's
super cool
you know I'm extremely grateful for that
but like you know the cousins in my
extended family we're not really like
we're not kindred spirits right so we
it's not the Stone Age I don't have to
rely on you to bring me grapes and then
you give me a bushel of grapes and I
give you you know some peanuts
from my peanut fields or something like
that we can all exist and you know keep
in touch but at the same time we don't
have to exchange the gifts that's it's a
tradition but it makes no sense to me
we're just waste I would rather that the
people buying the gifts instead of
spending like the hour something that it
might take to go out and get it just
spend time with your own close family
and you know grow closer to them that'll
pay more dividends in the end and like
oh I gotta buy this guy haven't seen in
two years a gift you know but as I've
gotten older I'm not really complaining
because we've sort of stopped buying
gifts for my extended family which is
nice but only because we're in this
weird like all my cousins and I are
within like 10 years of each other's age
which is good because we grew up like
being almost peers but we've entered the
phase in which the whole family are all
adults so right now is the luxurious
period where we go we should or beyond
buying gifts for each other we don't
need to buy each other gifts we're all
adults here we've all got jobs you know
let's just enjoy our each other's
company and that's great it's been fun
but any year now we're going to show up
to the Christmas dinner and someone's
going to be like I'm pregnant and then
we've introduced one child into the
Christmas atmosphere and then you gotta
buy like your first niece and nephew
gift your cousin just had a baby you
know you can give them a $30 gift you
know this they give two hours of sleep
at night it's only fair and then you
give the first child because you got to
give every child that gets them and
every child has to give you know get
ready to give gifts to that their own
cousins later in life existences I'm
enjoying the lull I guess is what I'm
trying to say you died but you weren't
even on the screen I I actually don't
know what happened there and you might
think I love that we have the mind here
by the way you might think that I'm
saying this in an effort to come across
a superior like oh oh I don't need
tangible uh you know material
possessions mean nothing to me rather
I'm bringing this up because it's
awkward for me to get gifts because I
find it difficult to be sincerely
emotional around people I'm not that
comfortable with so - and I'm not saying
sincerely emotional like crying but even
just sincerely pulling back the veil of
millennial irony and going thank you
this is a gift I'll genuinely use and I
appreciate it
makes me feel uncomfortable I don't know
why there's a there's a hole I doubt
it's unique to me but there's a whole
you know dissertation to write on this
I'm sure this phenomenon but I do I find
it difficult to be to be genuine with
with with people that I'm not close to
very strange and it look a little sad
more melancholic than anything else but
that's why I like the gift-giving and
well the gift-giving is also a little
awkward because I put myself in the gift
receiver shoes and go well I would be
awkward receiving this right now so I
think that they might be a little
awkward receiving this and then we're
both like they'd like they're like thank
you I really like it and I'm like oh you
didn't have to say that no like no
really I do it you know you know it's
okay you know you don't have to say that
but you know we just wordlessly
exchanged like three nods and we're like
our contract is complete for this year
see you next year
fellow weirdo you know how does
sprinkler Ludo work the answer is it
doesn't okay dude unsung hero balls of
steel without balls of steel we probably
die and we probably die Wow pyromaniac I
forgot we probably would have died way
earlier than where we are right now so
thank you for giving me the ability to
talk a lot of nonsense in this episode
balls of steel because we're not for you
I think we would be in a much scarier
position so thank you so much for your
service helps me out an enormous amount
see I can be more genuine to a line of
code in this game mimic the other thing
is that if I if I was honest when I
received gifts about the level of use it
would reveal too much about my lifestyle
like if somebody gave me socks I would
be like you don't understand this is the
greatest gift I could considerably ever
receive because I would never
deliberately ghost sock shopping for
myself really the only opportunity I
would ever have to buy socks
apart from this would be if I was
somehow in a Sears which is now going
out of business in Canada and was like
you know well we're here I should get
some socks so you have saved me not
necessarily from sock shopping but more
likely from being in a position where I
open up my hamper and go there's no
socks and then I got a like piece
together to unmatched ones or something
like that so when a way you have enabled
my sub-optimal domestic existence from a
laundry standpoint to go onwards and for
that I sincerely appreciate your gift
but hey for now thanks for watching hope
you've enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button how's that a great
deal and of course subscribed you want
to see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time